---
layout: post
title:  "A new blog"
date:   2023-01-29 11:24:49 +0000
categories: blog update
---
Good morning!

It's a Sunday and I'm just experimenting with putting up a new lightweight and easy to build/redeploy website.

It's been a long time since I had a blog: I had one called Cheese Dreams around 15 years ago, where I'd document some of the vivid brain dancing that occurred during my sleep hours. That then became a travel blog when I went around the planet in 2006. I believe I took a backup of that site somewhere, but it's no-doubt sitting in a harddrive or on a CD-R somewhere collecting digital (and physical) dust.

Prior to that I had a site called Riley's Insane Ramblings that spawned from a newsletter(!) of the same name that I used to sell/distribute at school - an early attempt at entrepreneurism.

What's this instance for? Well, I've started using [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md) the past few months, and have found it to be a great tool for collecting my inner cognitive gunk into a usable and referencable format. Notes are written in Markdown format and link to one another. You can then view this as a graph/mind map or canvas, and can be used as an external brain.

I've started using it to collect and track my work, research, and hobby projects (all of which overlap to a certain extent). I thought it might be useful to have a public-facing side to this so I can publish notes out to the world for reference from other devices.

I woke this morning and thought I might like to start tracking my progress on these projects and form them into "Quests" to make habit-forming more fun: turning real-life into a role-playing game, if you like. More on that to come!

